You now have learned more about what data scientists do,
from both Juno and I, as well as from our partners.
It's important that you tie those ideas back to what you're doing in the classroom.
The first part of this program,
you'll work with libraries like scikit-learn to implement
machine learning across a whole bunch of different projects.
Juno, in the second term,
what will students be working on?
Yes. So, in the second term you'll use a lot of those technical pieces
and see how they fit into the larger picture of the data science process,
like framing the problem and communicating with stakeholders and technical teams.
You'll also learn a lot of the skills that are
necessary for industry like important software engineering practices.
So, we have a lot of exciting stuff to cover.
Let's get started.